Tylers 20% Project Journal 

Journal Entry 1:2/5/2016      
This week on our 20% project we did many things.  We developed the project idea, 
a fitness app that randomly sets your workout and its times based on what you want to workout.  We
wrote our app feature list, detailing the apps functions, workouts, and more
specifically its features.  We also downloaded the Android Studio program to be
able to make the actual app, also having to download the SKD because it told us
to.  Currently we are doing online tutorials to learn how to use Android Studio
in the most effective way.  We are also debating what to use for the app music
as there may be copyright problems.  There is the option of remixing it or
dropping a hot new track.  The proposal was also developed in the last week
being approved by Mr. Schreiber.  That is what we did on our 20% project and
will continue to work hard to develop our app and make it better than Jai and
Joe's.

Journal Entry 2:2/14/2016
This week on our 20% project we did not do many things.  Our main focus was reinstalling 
android studio and learning how to use it.  I took the tutorial on the Ray WenderLich site
and Austing took the Linda site tutorial.  We messed around with Android Studio experimenting
with its many features and how to fashion the app.  I also experienced difficulty in this
as I had to reinstall Android Studio and update multiple times meaning I didn't get much
time to practice with it.  Outside of class I also experimented with Android Studio, not only
using it but reading about the commands and how it functions.  Other in class also seem to be
having trouble with this program in many various ways.  I suspect that I, and others, will still
have more troubles with this program in the near future.  This is my journal for this week and is
over 150 words.

Journal Entry 3:2/19/2016
This week on our 20% project we again did very little.  I kept having problems with installing
android studio which means I had a hard time learning how to use it.  Every time I install android
studio I am able to use it for one session but once it closes out it says I must reinstall
the program.  I mentally took more tutorials on android studio, this time many random ones that
came from the homepage of google.  Outside of class I have been working on the feature list for
the app and researching more things about fitness.  These things such as what workouts work
what muscle groups, what foods you should eat, how much you should work out, and so on.  Just
as I predicted last week, I am still having android studio issues along with many other people.
This is my journal for this week and is over 150 words.

Journal Entry 4:2/26/2016
This week on our 20% project we did little but more than the last time.  We plan to work on the
project this weekend to meet the first deliverable deadline of getting the app structure.  It seems
I have sorted out all of my android studio issues as I have been able to use it for three seperate
sessions without having to reinstall or update it now.  Again, we took more tutorials to familiarize
ourselves with the language and we started doing the app.  We transfered the app feature list to
github and presumably made the last changes to it.  Outside of class I asked people what the ideal
workouts and features of this app should be and considered their feedback.  Disregarding some of it
I incorporated it into the app feature list.  This is my journal for this week and is totally,
definitely, for sure, totally not under 150 words.  P.S. This was 150 words before the stalling words,
please don't take off points. I will cry.

Journal Entry 5:3/6/2016
This week on our 20% project we, yet again, did very very little.  The problems with my android studio
have again arisen and I am not able to start it without reinstalling it.  We have recognized our problem
that we don't get android studio in how to use it and understanding it in general.  Mr. Schreiber introduced
Udacity, an online course for all things programing.  Austin and I have started taking the Android Beginner
Development Course on Udacity and I am through the first lesson.  This next week we plan on actually making
headway on the code and hopefully getting the app structure done.  Also, we will finish the Udacity tutorial.
I plan to work on and hopefully fix my android studio problem of having to reinstall it every time I want to
use it.  This is my journal entry for this week and is now equal to 150 words.

Journal Entry 6:3/11/2016
This week on our 20% project we again did very little to no on the app.  The problems with my android studio
have stopped occuring.  However, I can't say they will continue to not occur as they have reoccured before.  I
did reinstall android studio this time so the problem reoccuring would be unlikely.  I also have finished the
first udacity tutorial and am planning on moving on to another one.  We plan to finish the i programmer tutorial
and actually start working on the app structure at sometime within the next one to four weeks.  I do feel however
that I am starting to understand how to use android studio but am frequently frustrated trying to open the API.
Once we do this we will start to create the actual design aspects and the move on from there.  This is my journal
entry for this week and now is over 150 words.

Journal Entry 7:3/18/2016
This week on our 20% project what we did was, Austin and I continued to work on our project, Austin has recently learned
how to add the on click commands to the xml files.  I have completed most if not all the xml files and we have the 
layout almost completly done.  The on click commands can be done in two different ways and Austin and I are currently 
debating on which style to use.  I hope to use the on click command that runs through the xml coding and runs a method in 
a seperate activity.  The activities still need to be made and coded in order to run the appropriate xml files.  Each activity 
will need to be linked to an xml file and I plan on learning that next week. This concludes my development journal for this week 
and it should now be equal to or greater than the 150 word requirement given by Schreiber.

Journal Entry 8:4/1/2016
This week and the past week over spring break Austin and I have gotten much done.  We have succesfully completed the layout 
of our app and are now working on implementing the onclick commands for the buttons.  We have recently encountered a problem with the 
git functionality on android studio but we plan on having schreiber help us with that on monday.  There appears to be a root problem 
with some of the files but we hope to figure that out before monday.  Over the weekend I also plan to resolve the class issues, all 
the class names are lower cased and I need to go through and capitalize every one of them.  That sounds like a pain but it needs to be 
done.  This shall conclude my development journal for this week and it should now finally be equal to the one hundred fifty word 
constraint.

Journal Entry 9:4/8/2016
This week and the past weeks on our 20% project everything again turned to crap.  The project has become FUBAR and we plan on taking
the salvagable stuff and transferring it to a new project.  We are directly copying the xml files over and most of the java files
also.  Some stuff is just going to have to be redone, such as all of the onclick methods.  Austin will be redoing all of the on click
methods for each button and I will be re putting in all of the xml files.  Austin will make the java files and reconnect the to the
xml files.  This shall conclude my development journal for this week or the week of April the third.

Journal Entry 10:4/15/2016
This week on our 20% project we have decided that fixing the old version of the project would take to long and it would be wise of us
to start the project anew, salvaging everything we could.  Austin created a new version of the project and has started transferring all
of the files over to the new project.  He posted it to the git hub repository that he has created, but I have been having issues cloning
the repository so I can work on the project with him.  It won't let me get the actual files for the android app and won't let me edit
any of the files that I can get.  I will elaborate on this issue more should it be a problem in the following weeks.  This is my project
journal for this week, the week of April the 15th.

Journal Entry 11:4/22/2016
This week on Austin and my 20% project for the second semester of the school year, I did virtually nothing as I was unable to access the
project.  While on Austin's computer the project was working so we finished transferring all of the old files to the new project on his
computer.  While I tried again to clone the repository to my computer so I could access the project and work, it again did not work.  It
wouldn't import any of the actual android app files( .xml's or java files) and it wouldn't let me edit or control anything. I further
looked into this problem and could not find any way of solving it.  I tried importing directly from android studio and directly from
github.  Also with git bash.  None of these tactics worked, so I was still not able to work on the project.  This is my project journal
for this week, the week of April the 22nd.

Journal Entry 12:4/29/2016
This week on Austin and my 20% project I again did nothing as I could not access the project and was more focused on AP testing than
getting the project working immediately.  Austin finished moving all of the files over to the new repository and started working on the
on click for all of the pages.  He linked the buttons to the on clicks that would bring you to another page.  All that is left in the
project is to format the last actual workout pages, add descriptions, and add a few more buttons.  This is my project journal for this
week, the week of April the 29th.

Journal Entry 13:5/6/2016
This week on Austin and my 20% project I actually did some stuff, though I did little.  The git hub cloning had still not been working
as per usual and since the AP tests are done I decided to actually do something about it.  So I brought my laptop into Schreiber and let
him work his magic.  He did something and after waiting for a long time the project files for the actual app showed up.  It also let me
edit all of the files.  I got started on finishing the specific pages for the last workouts and started putting in descriptions.  Austin
will be doing the on click for the new pages along with all the other java code needed.  This is my project journal for this week, the week
of May the 6th.

Journal Entry 14:5/13/2016
This week on the 20% project that Austin and I have been working on, mostly I spent my time upgrading android studio.  However, I also found
that in the .xml files the id's for each of the buttons, image views, and text views are not working correctly.  It will not recognize the
ID and I still need to look into that problem.  It might be the fact that I have the same ID's in different files but I do not think that
is the problem.  This screws up the layout of all the pages in the Relative Layout format.  However, the files work on Austin's computer so
it might be that I just needed to update my android studio version.  Regardless, I have made more of the actual workout files and continue
to.  The new repository still appears to be working also, so that is an improvement.  We have started the process of writing the workout
descriptions and finding images for each page.  After all of the pages are done, we will go back and put everything needed in.  This is my
project journal for this week, the week of May the thirteenth.
